---
layout: page
subheadline: 
title:  "Hello World"
teaser: "The joy of creation"
meta_teaser: ""
breadcrumb: true
categories:
    - creating
tags:
    - blog
    - content
    - post
    - post format
# image:
#     title: gallery-example-1.jpg
#     caption: Unsplash.com
#     caption_url: http://unsplash.com
author: Cerae
---

I have always LOVED creating things. It nourishes and uplifts the soul to tap into the creative energy and make something. Sharing what we create inspires others to also be brave enough to listen to their ideas and act upon them. 

For a lot of creative folk like myself it feels very hard to share our creations. So much self doubt and self criticism comes up that it can be STIFLING! I studied Visual Arts at Uni and by the end of my Honours year I was so confused by the art world that I was turned off listening to my own creativity for many years. 

It slowly came back though - it’s irrepressible! 

It’s often not expressed in the form of a drawing or painting though. I think it is expressed in so many ways that all flow into each other and make life more precious and more joyous. 

Here’s a list of 20 ways that I regularly create things…
1. I love to create healthy and delicous food for myself and my family.
2. I create plans of meals that my family will (hopefully) eat. 
3. Photographs all the time of everything. 
4. Photobooks of our family’s memories to be treasured for years to come! 
5. Cubbies with my children to play inside. 
6. Gardens. 
7. Spaces in my home to live in. 
8. Compost. 
9. Coffee. 
10. Kombucha, Sauerkraut & Milk Kefir.
11. Inspirational quote images on Canva.
12. Essential Oil images to share.
13. Healthy lunchboxes for my kids. 
14. Essential Oil blends for our diffusers. 
15. Essential OIl blends for roller bottles - for myself & others. 
16. Content for my Facebook groups and page. 
17. Nature Mandalas. 
18. Sandcastles - especially the drippy kind we call Fairy castles. 
19. Pages in my journal with words and sketches. 
20. Videos about essential oils and my other passions. 

Oh my I could keep going! That was fun!! 
